Hello! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
For today, I'd like to introduce various things
that will let us know if you are fated
with the person you are interested in
First to be introduced is this!
?Fate checker?!
This, you see,
is an A.I. application that will determine whether
you and your crush are fated!
Same as me!
You know, I also
actually have someone I am interested in!
They are...
The members of Keyakizaka46!
I can't decide on my favourite
Despite support them from the very beginning,
the more I follow them...
The more I couldn’t decide!
But amongst them
I chose a girl who seems like a simpleton
from the members who are the most popular recently
*tada*
Moriya Akane-!
-chan!
The Sergeant
It’s Akanen!
Let’s get going, Akanen!
please show that we have a chance together
Then without further ado, let's go!
Well, we're bound to be fated
Then let's go!
Checking, start!
konnichiw?
Ah! I see
This is
to determine whether you are fated
or not fated
with the person you are interested in
Please provide your relation and anecdote with the person concerne?
I see
Here, it's finished!
We met during primary school
While I was playing in the sandbox,
the kind Akane lent me her scoop
She lent me her scoop!
Akane did
Since then I've not been able to meet her
but she joined Keyakizaka46
and during a handshaking event I bought a lot of tickets
then shook her hand until she recognized me
Until she recognized me!
Something like that
Well
It's all just my fantasy, really
I want the money to even buy all the tickets!
Well we're definitely fated, don't you think?
Hai!
O!
We're kinda fated...!
We’re fated!
Not bad! I want more!
Well… there’s lies in here...
Almost over 99% of it is lies…
So then, this time I'm going to be honest and try it!
But well...if this Ai is intelligent enough, it can probably tell I will have a chance
Right! I've completed it!
The relationship is between an idol and a fan...
Even though I've never met the person
And she probably has no idea who I am. But!
Rather than her determination
or parts of her that seem strong,
I love her because she's unexpectedly simple,
she's cute and kind,
she's open-minded,
she's charming.
I love her!
Ah! Also.. If I can meet her
I think I will hug her. HUG ME!
With that said! Let's get started!
OHHHHHHHH!
Please look at this!
We’re fated! Fated!
“It seems like she’s interested in you”!
Isn’t this the best!?
"How was the result?"
*tap* "Relevant"
Good, good
Quite an intelligent A.I.!
LAST ONE!
The chance of Akanen and I getting together is
something definite, however
For now,
the third time’s the charm
I think the 3rd time is very important too!
So, they say that what happens twice will happen thrice
To confirm it,
we will use this ?Fate calculator?
And try determining our fate!
So Let's go!
“About the interests, hobbies, place of origin and such
of you and your crush”
I think we must have a lot of similarities!
I will go along with her! With Akane!
“Your crush often texts you even if it’s nothing important”
She probably will because she’s Akanen
“About what you last said to them”
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
It’s like I’d think she’d forget but she actually remembers?
“They often share snacks and treat you to food”
Ah! I feel like she will give me snacks... I think she’ll feed me ?
“Whenever they speak they often cross their arms or legs”
Akane doesn't cross!
“When you meet each other”
Akane is going to greet me first for sure!
“They reply texts and LINE messages quickly”
I feel like we always communicate like that
If she is not busy
”When they are talking to you”
In front of others?No!
For this one: “They speak fast and are excited”
“They would notice changes about your hair or yourself”
Of course! Akanen is high in femininity after all!
“They have once said?I’ll advise you?or?I’ll listen to your complaints?”
She will say that for sure!
We’re fated!
90 PAASENTO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PAFU PAFU… How was it!
“Tell them you also harbor feelings towards them”
Everyone! Please tell Akane for me!
“You can assume they have special feelings for you too”!
We did it
“It seems you are a very important presence to them”
Woo
”Because of that, they would date you if there is such a chance”
Kya!
That’s forbidden
Ah but I can make myself any gender I want anyway
I will protect Akanen! I have the determination!
“... they would date you if there is such a chance”
“However,
those who are worried if you feel the same way
and couldn’t act are also plenty.”
“For your end as well,
if you actively let them know that you are interested
the situation might change.”!
“Of course, it's OK if you just confess first.”!
Kya ?
With that said… How was it everyone!
Me and Akanen
Akanen and I being so fated and all
Have you all understood that yet? *boasting*
But even that!
Even you might have a chance
It doesn’t mean
that the person themselves must like you
Please don’t make that mistake
You might be fantasizing about how nice it would be if it were all true
Please be careful about that so you don't end up a creep!
Also do this quiz with me if you don’t mind!
Fated or not fated
Tell me which one it is!
So then this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you again!
Translated by Inori, Jejer, Jc Don, Averitius, Sp3000
Even though it said we were fated...
Why isn’t Akanen coming to see me...?
Why am I all alone…!?
Even though it said we were fated...
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm